okay so one thing I love doing every
morning is putting on my makeup right
yeah if everyone happy morning so my
like quick little routine in the morning
is usually like an arse foundation okay
a covergirl bronzer amazing neutrogena
eyeliner love it better than sex mascara
and name alone revlon pretty in pink lip
gloss right and then if I'm feeling
really a little crazy no sassy little
sassy side yeah I will add a little bit
of bobbi brown red lipstick on da
amazing let me just take a step of my
pure leaf tea I'm not like a break with
my holdings burger who I added these
ball jar gonna they're amazing I add a
little Paul Newman lemonade in there
every language or not I like to sweeten
it up a little bit I don't get your
breasts or cry my quest my mouth I'm
working on it and I had a little Jurgen
Stan going on do you see it look any
difference that we knew to Trina suncare
neutrogena ok I just wanted to make sure
so I started working on my hair this
morning and you know I tried out the
Clairol and what a little clairol and
then I did some Bumble and Bumble and
then Louie dad I always say that really
sad oh is it we definitely don't it's we
had I never say ever and then I was
cleaning out my office and I got on my
staple supplies I'm gonna drive are you
Erin Condren planner little stickers and
everything for my corey clark planner
really totally obsessed with really guys
how I stay on top of my life I have
post-it notes everywhere I mean that's
how can you live it up oh sanam example
we had a big pancake pan to survive you
can't possibly I'm you know and as I'm
sitting here looking at anyway I keep
seeing on my vanity fair Brock he's
copping out my old navy t-shirt we add
into my gap belt yeah abercrombie and
fitch jeans they look fabulous and I
have a sense of style shirt on this is
actually our shirt it's a CEO which i
think is kind of cool what kind of
broader I have on this is a target bra I
guess you knew she had when I I
definitely higher
to your grab bag do actually belong
today I'm sure you gentlemen I am on a
target bra and I have I also have on gap
jeans did you say you hadn't got to my
guy fell gap belt I have on gotcha i was
the only child / 13 getting shorts at
Abercrombie infants very good I love how
you are balancing your sony camera on
top of you are cleaner thank you and I
got an idea next time I just a little
bit yes what's wrong